Enter/track my tasks so that I can keep a clear mind and become extremely productive
  Create a new task, define it's name/context/description, and see it in a list of all tasks so I can start tracking tasks. 
    Create new project
      *Create project from template
      Setup unit testing
        Get tests running
        Get tests to run automatically
      Get a sample project working on a local webserver
      Setup code watching
        js changes should be immediately available
        html changes should be immediately available
    Create new task
      Create post/save framework
        Create REST service to accept new task fields
        Save to flatfile
          Save to file
          Read from file
        Create service to handle saving and loading task data
      Create a new task and give it a name so I have a task.
      Provide a long description for the task so I can go into detail.
      Set the context for where a task can be done so I can easily know what I can do where I am.
    See it in a list of tasks
      Create REST service to load the task list
      Display all tasks on the screen.
      
  Create & Move a task through the GTD lifecycle categories (Inbox, Someday/Maybe, Actions, Waiting For, Completed) so I can manage task statuses.
    Add lifecycle field to UI and REST service
    Allow tasks to be marked 'completed'
      Can set tasks as 'completed' in the UI
      REST service can save 'completed' flag
      UI indicates completed actions somehow
    Enhance the UI to be able to select a specific lifecycle or All
  

--Next: Projects



  FLOW
    Move efficiently between screens so I can focus on tasks, not the tool and navigation
    Do as little manual work as possible (as much intuitive stuff should be automated as possible) so I spend less time managing. More time doing.
    Use a simple, intuitive interface without a lot of clunky customization possibilities so I spend less time managing. More time doing.
    To use an extremely responsive app so don't have to think about the tool.
    Update multiple tasks at a time to change fields like context, completion status, state, etc so I can quickly process tasks and not hate the tool.
      
  INBOX
    I don't want to need to provide any task details other than name when putting stuff in the inbox so I can record and go. I'll process it later.
    View all inbox items separately so I can finish processing them

  ACTIONS
    Group Action items by feature context, due date, etc for easy processing. Only sorting by names is clunky.
    I don't want to see 'Projects' listed in the actions, because they have tasks. Only tasks should be shown so I only have to see actionable items.
    View all actionable tasks so I can know what to do next.
    Indicate which Actions are Next Actions so I can have focus for today.
    ?Clear all Next Action items  so I can change it up each day.

  PLANNED TASKS? 
    ?(JUSTIN) Set task order for upcoming project tasks, at least which is next so I can be aware of some logical order when picky next tasks
    ?Define a set of upcoming project tasks that will automatically move to Next Action once the current Next Action items are complete so I have less manual work to do.

  SOMEDAY/MAYBE
    View all someday tasks and projects, just like when using the Next Action section for consistency of usage.
    Move a project to "someday" and have the tasks handled intuitively so I can think about tasks and not the tool
      ?Moving a Project to "someday" will move just the parent project leave all children in their existing sections?
      ?Moving a Project to "someday" will move all tasks to someday?
      ?Moving a Project to "someday" will move the project to someday, leave all children in their existing sections, but only show the tasks when viewing the project.
      ?Same as active/inactive?

  WAITING FOR
    View tasks that I'm waiting for somebody/something about so I know it's not in my court
    Interact with tasks in this section like any other section so the tool isn't confusing.
    ?Mark tasks or projects as ON HOLD so I don't lose the info but I don't have to see them in my lists either (ISN'T THIS SOMEDAY/MAYBE?)
    ?Easily be able to see/not see ON HOLD tasks within their normal sections (ISN"T THIS SOMEDAY/MAYBE FOR PROJECTS?)
    Define who/what I'm waiting for and what conditions will put it back in my court so I don't need to keep remembering who/what I'm waiting on. (Notes field?)
    Define a follow up date that will put a Waiting For task back in Next Actions so I can easily follow up and spend less time processing tasks.
    ?See some indication that a task is waiting for a scheduled follow up

  COMPLETION/DELETION
    Mark a parent project as completed and the tasks be handled intuitively so I can spend less time fighting the tool.
      ?Mark all tasks under a project as completed by completing the parent project so I can say it's all done easily.
      ?Mark a parent project as completed and promote all child tasks to active status…why?
    Delete a parent project and the tasks be handled intuitively so I can manage tasks quickly and not fight the tool.
      ?Delete a parent project and promote all children to active status so I can remove a parent and not lose the child tasks.
      ?Delete a parent project and delete all children so I can't quickly delete an entire tree I don't care about.
    See completed tasks so I can review what's been done
      See a list of all completed tasks, including what project they were in so I can see what was done and still have some context, too.
      See/not see completed tasks for an active project or tasks within the context that I'm viewing them so I can review completed items in context without needing a new screen.
    Undo completion so I don't have to recreate entries after mistakes 
      Uncomplete a task if it was completed by mistake. It should restore any related parent project structure that may have disappeared so I don't have to reenter it.
      Undo 'completing' a task or project easily that I completed by mistake so I don't have to become aware of the tool and do a lot of work to fix my tasks.


  TASK DEFINITION
    Schedule a task to appear on a certain date in the Actions list so I can enter it but ignore it until it matters. (Useful for followups)
    Set task priority (low, med, high, none) so I can manage priority.
    ?Set mental effort so I know if I'm in the mood.
    Set estimated task completion time so I know if I have time to do something.
    ?Create customer fields I can search on so I can track non-standard info I care about.
    Create a recurring event based on calendar dates so I don't need to do this work by hand.
    Create a recurring event based on last done date, so I don't need to do this work by hand.
    DUE DATES
      Set a due date for a task so I know when something must be done.
      ?Set a due date for a project so I know when something must be done (What does this due for all the tasks underneath it?)
      See all my due tasks on a calendar so I can have visual sense of when things are due.
      Search my due tasks by common criteria (overdue, due today, due within the next week, due sometime…) so I can see what's coming.
    FEATURES/TAGS/LABELS
      Define a label that represents a group of related tasks (like a feature group) so I can see related tasks easily.
      Attach multiple labels to a single task so I can slice and dice my tasks.
    RICH CONTENT
      Attach photos or URLs to my tasks so I can have reference info attached.
      Quickly create a task from a photo or URL so it's easy to create a task when I see something somewhere.
      Have smart description text so I can easily follow links, call people, etc.
        Click on URLs in the description to launch the link in a browser so I don't have to copy/paste.
        Click on phone numbers in the description to launch GV on the computer, dialer on mobile so I can easily call people.
        Click on addresses in the description to launch google maps on the computer, maps app on mobile so I can easily get directions.
    LOCATION
      See tasks I can do based on my current detected location so I don't have to group by and search context.
      Define location-based tasks so I can effortlessly see what I can do.  


  PROJECTS
    Create 'projects' of multiple tasks so I know that a project is done when I've completed all subtasks
    Create epic-like projects made up of subprojects so I can effectively break down tasks.
    Projects to have as many fields from tasks that make sense, but not have those that don't so it's intuitive. 
      Don't want to see context on projects (OR maybe it can set a default value for child tasks) so I'm not confused about why it's there.
    Add tasks directly to an epic-like project. Epics don't just have to have projects inside so I have more flexibility.
    Easily convert a task into a project so I can break tasks down with minimal overhead.
    Easily convert a project into a task if I realize it's just a single action so I don't have to retype the descriptions if I need to convert the task.

  SEARCH/FILTER
    Filter tasks by context so I can see what I can do where I am now.
    Filter tasks by due date so I know when things are due.
    Filter tasks by priority so I can see important stuff.
    Filter tasks by label so I can see all related tasks/projects.
    ?Filter tasks by mental effort so I know what I'll have the brain power to do.
    ?Filter tasks by completion time so I know what I have time to do.
    ?Exclude tasks by category when filtering so I don't have to select all but one.
    Include completed items when filtering tasks.
    Search for tasks by title so I can find something I know I have somewhere.
    Search for tasks by text in the description so I can find something I know I have somewhere.
    Include completed items when searching tasks.

  SORT
    Sort tasks by context so I can easily choose what's next.
    Sort tasks by name so I can easily choose what's next.
    Sort tasks by feature/label so I can easily choose what's next.
    Sort tasks by priority so I can easily choose what's next.
    ?Sort tasks by completion time so I can easily choose what's next.
    ?Sort tasks by mental effort so I can easily choose what's next.
    Sort tasks by due date so I can easily choose what's next.

  BACKUP
    Want my data to be backed up so I can have peace of mind and not worry about losing it.
    ?Want my data to be available anywhere so I can jump between devices.
    Export data to excel so I can process it or import it into a new tool.

  NOTIFICATIONS
    Be proactively notified of tasks coming due so I don't forget them.
    ?Be proactively notified of scheduled tasks that are now ready to work so I am aware of them.
    Easily see when something is overdue so I don't lose track of tasks.

  REFERENCE
    ?Attach existing reference docs to specific tasks, features, or projects so the info is easy to find.
    Attach photos or URLs to a feature in a reference section so I can group interesting things I see without defining tasks.  
    ?Add a photo or URL to the general reference section (or dump into the inbox) so I can store things for later reference.

  ALTITUDE
    Define goals according to altitude so I can navigate toward my future and keep an eye on what's important.
    ?Treat altitude goals like features or epic projects so they're tied to tasks and completing these goals and progressing is similar to everything else.
    Associate tasks and projects with an altitude goal so I can track my progress toward that end.
    View tasks and projects I've completed while progressing toward my altitude goals so I can track my progress.
  
  STATISTICS
    See average task/project completion time to see how efficient I am and the lag from start to finish. It might indicate procrastination.
    See the # of tasks/projects completed within x time so I can feel good.


